[MUSIC]
Tile coding is one way to create a fixed
set of features for a prediction.
Neural networks provide a strategy for
learning a useful set of features.
Today we'll discuss how neural
networks create these features.
By the end of this video,
you will understand how neural
networks do feature construction, and
you will understand how neural networks
are a non-linear function of state.
Let's revisit feed-forward
neural networks.
When we first build the neural network,
we need to specify the initial weights.
The way we initialize the weights is
important, but more on this later.
For now, let's just assume there
are drawn from some random distribution.
Let's take a look at what happens to
a given input vector as we pass it through
the network.
Let's start by looking at
only one node of the network.
Each of the inputs are multiplied
their corresponding weights.
Then, the weighted sum of these inputs
is passed to a non-linear activation
function resulting in a non-linear
function of the inputs.
This process is done again and again for
each of the nodes in the layer.
Each node has a different set of weights,
so
will produce a different output,
which we call a feature.
All of these new features, collectively,
are considered the new representation.
This process is actually not
that different from tile coding,
we pass inputs to a tile coder and
get back a new representation.
So in both cases,
we construct a non-linear mapping of
the inputs to produce the features.
In both cases, we take a linear
combination of the representation to
produce the output, the approximate
value of the current state.
Let's get more insight into the neural
network representation by contrasting with
tile coding.
Recall that when we created the tile
coder we had to set several parameters,
the size and shape of the tiles and
the number of tilings.
These parameters were
fixed before learning.
In a neural network, we have similar
parameters corresponding to the number of
layers, the number of nodes in each layer,
and the activation functions.
These are all, typically,
fixed before learning.
In this sense, both use prior knowledge
to help in constructing features.
However, in addition, the neural network
also has adjustable parameters that
change the features during learning.
The neural network can use
data to improve the features,
whereas the tile coder cannot
incorporate new information from data.
More tile coding in neural networks
produce features that are non-linear in
the input space.
We can understand this better by
visualizing the hidden layer of
a pre-trained neural network.
We trained an agent in a continuous 2D
space that contains a narrow corridor
between two walls.
Here, we've plotted
the receptive field for
an individual feature
learn by the network.
The axis correspond to x, y locations,
which is the state space of the MDP.
Each point in the plot corresponds to
the feature value for that xy state,
darker means larger activation.
If it is white,
the feature is not active for that state.
So what does this plot mean?
This plot shows for
which state this feature is active,
meaning the feature's magnitude
is above a small threshold.
So at a higher level this plot shows
you how this feature generalizes.
Updates to its weight,
change the values for all these states.
Looking at the receptive fields for
several features, we can see that
different features generalize in different
ways, and form complex non-linear shapes.
The activations do not have hard
boundaries like in tile coding.
These learn features can have
boundaries that change smoothly.
This feature has different degrees of
generalization depending on the state.
It's also kind of fun that the feature
activations in this network,
show us the locations of the two walls.
That's it for this video.
You learned how neural networks can be
viewed as a way to construct features, and
that neural networks are non-linear
functions of sState.
Bye for now.